Maintaining birds
Long time ago
All birds were black or gray dirty color
One day a bird suddenly looks up at the sky
There was black spots on the seven-color beautiful rainbow .
What
When the birds are watching, the black stains increase rapidly
Then the seven-colored birds from the point came down and told the birds
Bad insects stick at 2 o'clock and it is going to eat up the color of the beautiful rainbow
Please kill the bad insects together
So the courageous birds said that they would kill bad insects with the seven colored birds
But birds without courage are unknown faces even if the seven colored birds ask for Iikura
Let's go alone
The courageous birds flew away with the seven colored birds
When the brave birds came at 2 o'clock, it was spoiled at 2 o'clock because the bad insects could eat the color
This will cause the rainbow to go black unless it gets too fast
The birds attacked an insect stuck at 2 o'clock
But the bugs are not easy enough
It was or bite or stab the bird standing of the body in the ass of the needle
It was a very painful fight for the birds who flew so far and were tired
But the birds did their best and managed to get rid of the bugs
I was beat the bad insects did
It was around the 2:00
The birds saw each other's face as relieved
Then every bird that came before it was a beautiful colored feather
While fighting with insects in space, the color of the rainbow was on the body
Ha
beautiful
Look at my pink color I'm somehow blue
Seven colors of birds said that everyone is happy
The color of the rainbow never falls
In order to convey the courage of everyone who kept Nijo
The beautiful color will be passed on to children and grandchildren
Well
Birds left on the earth are killed by insects and come back home
I thought
However, everyone who entered the 2:00 is I came home beautiful appearance, such as shining light
The color is so nice
I we exchange for it
The birds that remained on the ground are so embarrassed that their shabby figure is
It has been hidden
That's why there are beautiful colored birds and non-colored birds